http://comonad.com/reader/feed/ Haskell
http://www.haskellforall.com/feeds/posts/default Haskell
http://blog.sigfpe.com/feeds/posts/default Haskell
https://www.fpcomplete.com/blog/rss.xml Haskell "~FPComplete Blog"
http://www.well-typed.com/blog/rss2.xml Haskell
https://blog.acolyer.org/feed/ Research
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/feed/ Research
https://blog.regehr.org/feed Research Compilers
http://feeds.feedburner.com/DilbertDailyStrip Comics
http://feeds.feedburner.com/GeekAndPoke Comics
https://xkcd.com/rss.xml Comics
http://phdcomics.com/gradfeed.php Comics
https://golem.ph.utexas.edu/category/atom10.xml Maths
https://aperiodical.com/feed/ Maths
https://mathlesstraveled.com/feed/ Maths
http://feeds.feedburner.com/theendeavour Maths
http://lambda-the-ultimate.org/rss.xml Research "Programming Languages"
http://feeds.feedburner.com/ezyang Haskell
http://feeds.feedburner.com/holman Startups
https://eev.ee/feeds/blog.atom.xml Startups
http://feeds.feedburner.com/codinghorror/ Misc
http://lwn.net/headlines/newrss Linux
http://www.osnews.com/files/recent.xml "Operating Systems"
http://muratbuffalo.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Research
https://www.dragonflydigest.com/feed BSD "Operating Systems"
https://distrowatch.com/news/dw.xml "Operating Systems"
https://www.anandtech.com/rss/ News
http://llvmweekly.org/rss.xml Compilers LLVM
https://readrust.net/all/feed.rss Rust
https://haskellweekly.news/haskell-weekly.atom Haskell
https://begriffs.com/atom.xml BSD Misc Haskell
http://feeds.arstechnica.com/arstechnica/index News
https://googleprojectzero.blogspot.com/feeds/posts/default Security
https://www.ralfj.de/blog/feed.xml Rust
https://this-week-in-rust.org/atom.xml Rust
https://vermaden.wordpress.com/feed/ BSD  "~Vermaden's blog"
http://undeadly.org/cgi?action=rss BSD
https://cfarm.tetaneutral.net/rss/ Misc
https://blog.plover.com/index.rss Misc
https://twobithistory.org/feed.xml History

https://www.reddit.com/r/rust/.rss Reddit "~r/rust"
https://www.reddit.com/r/osdev/.rss Reddit "~r/osdev"
https://www.reddit.com/r/unixporn/.rss Reddit "~r/unixporn"
https://www.reddit.com/r/mechanicalkeyboards/.rss Reddit "~r/mechanicalkeyboards"
https://www.reddit.com/r/archlinux/.rss Reddit "~r/archlinux"
https://www.reddit.com/r/linux/.rss Reddit "~r/linux"
https://www.reddit.com/r/programmerhumor/.rss Reddit "~r/programmerhumor"
